split up README and CONTRIBUTING, added style guidance (#494)
temporalio/documentation: CONTRIBUTING.md

# How to contribute

Contributions from the community are highly encouraged.

> To ensure that each change is relevant and properly peer reviewed, we request that you adhere to open source contribution best practices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure that each change is relevant and properly peer reviewed, we request that you adhere to best practices for open-source contributions.
```

This means that if you are outside the Temporal organization, you must fork the repository and create pull requests from branches on your own fork.
GitHub's [first-contributions repo README](https://github.com/firstcontributions/first-contributions) provides an example of how to do that.

When it comes to crafting content, please follow our [style guidelines](style-guidance).

## Preview changes locally

> The Temporal documentation site utilizes [Docusaurus 2](https://v2.docusaurus.io/), which is a static website generator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Temporal documentation site uses [Docusaurus 2](https://v2.docusaurus.io/), which is a static website generator.
```

You can make changes locally without previewing them in the browser.

> However, if you wish to build the site and preview changes in the browser you will need to have [Docusaurus V2 dependencies](https://v2.docusaurus.io/docs/installation/#requirements) installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, if you wish to build the site and preview changes in the browser, you need to have [Docusaurus V2 dependencies](https://v2.docusaurus.io/docs/installation/#requirements) installed.
```

> Once you have the required tools installed and initialized in the repo (run [`yarn`](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/cli/) once in the root directory) then you can build and view the site locally:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you have the required tools installed and initialized in the repo (run [`yarn`](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/cli/) once in the root directory), you can build and view the site locally:
```

```bash
yarn start
```

> The command starts a local development server and opens up a browser window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command starts a local development server and opens a browser window.
```

## Pull requests

Make sure you add `flossypurse` and `djmagee` as reviewers to your pull request.

You will have a chance to preview the changes of your pull request by clicking "Details" next to the Netlify deploy-preview check.

![Netlify build preview](static/img/readme/netlifypreview.png)

> Pull requests are typically reviewed within 1-2 days.

Reviewer: Added qualifier to ensure that we can take weekends off.

```suggestion
Pull requests are typically reviewed within 1–2 business days.
```

Once approved, we will merge your changes.

> As soon as your pull request is merged, a new build will automatically kick off and your changes will publish to [https://docs.temporal.io](https://docs.temporal.io).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As soon as your pull request is merged, a new build automatically occurs and your changes publish to [https://docs.temporal.io](https://docs.temporal.io).
```

## Style guidance

> In general this content adheres to the [Google developers style guide](https://developers.google.com/style).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In general, this content adheres to the [Google developers style guide](https://developers.google.com/style).
```

> However there are some Temporal specific style guidelines below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, we have some Temporal-specific style guidelines.
```

### Infinitive verb forms in headings

> Titles and headings should try to use infinitive verb forms whenever possible. People tend to search using infinitive verb forms and thus using them helps with SEO.

Reviewer: I'd argue that "whenever possible" makes "try to" redundant. (I'd quote Yoda here, but my IP attorney recommends that I don't.)

```suggestion
Titles and headings should use infinitive verb forms whenever possible. People tend to search by using infinitive verb forms, so using them helps SEO.
```
